EasyPubMed User Manual.md, before:

<img src="md_image\ep.png" width=10% style="float:left"/>
<a id="top"></a>

# EasyPubMed User Manual

**EasyPubMed is an extension to make new PubMed easy to use.**

- [EasyPubMed User Manual](#easypubmed-user-manual)
  - [Functions and Features](#functions-and-features)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Details](#details)
    - [EasyPubMed Tool Bar](#easypubmed-tool-bar)
    - [Popup Page](#popup-page)
  - [Data Source](#data-source)
  - [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
  - [Privacy policy](#privacy-policy)
  - [Bug report and suggestion](#bug-report-and-suggestion)
  - [Donation](#donation)
  - [Developing story](#developing-story)
  - [Author](#author)

> Version 0.0.5 (2020.8.2) Update: [Update Log](https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/Update_log.md)
> - More fix on display problem of impact factor and JCR quartile or CAS block in search mode due to the update of pubmed in 2020/7/17
> - Add https://sci-hub.ren into the sci-hub url lists as request by Xiaochen-Zhang99 
> - Fix version display bug in popup page
> 

> Tips: Pressing the Ctrl key while clicking a link will automatically open the link in a new tab

>查看[EasyPubMed使用说明（中文版）](https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md)

## Functions and Features
<p align="left">
<img src="md_image/image-20200622120034563.png" alt="image-20200621173353849" width=80% >
</p>



- **EasyPubMed tool bar, Design for new PubMed**
  - Display abstract in PubMed search page
  - One click to get full-screen paper PDF from Sci-Hub
  - Display journal impact factor (IF) 
  - Display JCR (Journal Citation Reports) journal's quartile ranking or CAS (Chinese Academy of Sciences) journal's block ranking
  - Display citation counts
- **Journal Filter Tools**
  - Filter articles by Impact factor, JCR Quartile and citation counts...
  - PubMed filter manager helps you select most related journals in your research field
- **Translation**
  - One click to translate article's title and abstract in PubMed
  - Get translation is so easy: select the words and Press "T" 
  - Multiple languages support

<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E5%8A%9F%E8%83%BD%E7%89%B9%E8%89%B2">查看中文版：功能特色</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Setup

Support web browser: Chrome, Edge

The extension is available in both Chrome and Edge extension store. You can go the following website and install the extension. 

Edge：https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/easypubmed/daibhooimgnmhjagkkjamadijfambhid

Chrome：https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/easypubmed/nkpdpmomjhifdobiopmgfjjffacldfje?hl=en

<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E5%AE%89%E8%A3%85">查看中文版：安装</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Details

### EasyPubMed Tool Bar
<p align="center">
<img src="md_image/image-20200621173353849.png" alt="image-20200621173353849" width=70% >
</p>

**After installing EasyPubMed, a tool bar will display below each article in the PubMed website.**

1. EasyPubMed Icon: Link to EasyPubMed  homepage in Github

2. Display  JCR (Journal Citation Reports) journal's quartile ranking or CAS (Chinese Academy of Sciences) journal's block ranking  as you set in [popup page](#option)

   - JCR Quartile Ranking: Data from 2020 *Journal Citation Reports*, the best journal performance in all SCIE subcategories is tagged. For example, if the journal get Q1 in A subcategory and Q3 in B subcategory, the journal will be labelled as Q1, the best performance. We use Q1 (red), Q2 (yellow), Q3 (green), Q4 (grey) with different color to display different JCR quartile ranking. NA stands for not recorded in the report.

    <img src="md_image/image-20200621180515339.png" alt="image-20200621180515339" width=20% />

   - CAS Block Ranking: Data from *CAS Journal Block Ranking Report (2019.12.26)*, the best journal performance in all subcategories is tagged. We use B1 (red), B2 (yellow), B3 (green), B4 (grey) with different color to display different CAS block ranking. NA stands for not recorded in the report.

    <img src="md_image/image-20200621181012739.png" alt="image-20200621181012739" width=20% />

   - The difference between JCR Quartile Ranking and CAS Block Ranking is well documented in 

     https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/78144183

3. Display impact factor:  Data from 2020 *Journal Citation Reports*. NA stands for not recorded in the report.

4. Link to the Sci-Hub website with the corresponding article. If the article's doi is not found, the link will be disabled.
<p align="center">
   <img src="md_image/image-20200622185138582.png" alt="image-20200622185138582" width=70% />
</p>

5. Display a full-screen PDF website without sidebar.  Analyzing the Sci-Hub link takes some time. If a full-text PDF link is found, it will be enabled and display 'PDF(Full Text)', otherwise, it will be grayed and display 'PDF(NOT FOUND)'.
<p align="center">
      <img src="md_image/image-20200622073622374.png" alt="image-20200622073622374" width=70% />
</p>

6. Show article's information in BibTex format. You can save it or copy it to clipboard. It may take some time to fetch the Bibtex data from NCBI database. The filename of the downloaded file and the BibTex entry name is a combination of 'PMID', article PMID number, first author's last name and the publication year, like 'PMID32109013_Guan_2020'.
<p align="center">
      <img src="md_image/image-20200622073913101.png" alt="image-20200622073913101" width=70% />
</p>

### Popup Page

<p align="center">
     <img src="md_image/image-20200622120039682.png" alt="image-20200622120039682" width=40% />
</p>

**Left click on the EP (EasyPubMed) chrome extension button, a popup page will appear.**

1. Set default Sci-Hub URL, the default is 'https://sci-hub.tw/'. A valid Sci-Hub URL should start with 'https://' or 'http://' and end with "/".
2. <a id="option"></a>Set whether to display  JCR  quartile or CAS  block. If one is enabled, the other one will be disabled automatically. The default setting is to display JCR quartile. 
1. Reset to default setting: Sci-Hub URL 'https://sci-hub.tw/ and display JCR  quartile.
2. Link to PubMed website: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/
3. Link to Sci-Hub website as you set: default is 'https://sci-hub.tw/
4. Search the Sci-Hub website. You can input PMID, DOI,article title or any string you want, the same as you input in the Sci-Hub website.
5. Link to EasyPubMed User manual
6. Link to a website where you can report bugs or requests to EasyPubMed
7. Link to a website where you can donate to EasyPubMed
8.  Link to a website where you can learn more about EasyPubMed developing story and author
9.  EasyPubMed edition and author
<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E5%8A%9F%E8%83%BD%E5%B1%95%E7%A4%BA">查看中文版：功能展示</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Data Source

We merge the data from NLM catalog, 2020 Journal Citation Reports and CAS Journal Block Ranking Report (2019.12.26) by journal's unqiue ISSN. We use the journal's PubMed journal abbreviation as a unique identifier to obtain its impact factor, JCR quartile ranking and CAS block ranking.The result has been carefully checked. Since JCR reports and CAS report may misuse eISSN as ISSN, there may be some mistakes in data processing. If you find a mistake, please report to me.



Previous problem:
>The following journals share the same Pubmed journal Abbreviation (I have reported the bug to NLM). Please be careful.
>- PubMed journal abbreviation: Front Phys
>   - Frontiers of Physics (ISSN:2095-0462; IF:2.483; Q2; B2) 
>   - Frontiers in Physics (ISSN: 2296-424X; IF:1.895; Q2; B3) 
>- PubMed journal abbreviation: Microbiology 
>   - Microbiology (Reading, England) (ISSN: 1350-0872; IF:1.922; Q4; B4)
>   - Microbiology (ISSN: 0026-2617; IF:1.027; Q4; B4)

NLM replied and made some change. Here is the response

>The following changes have been made:

> MedAbbr for Frontiers of physics (NLM UI 101600789) changed to: Front Phys (Beijing)

> MedAbbr for Microbiology (NLM UI 0376646) changed to: Microbiology (N Y)

<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E6%95%B0%E6%8D%AE%E6%9D%A5%E6%BA%90">查看中文版：数据来源</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Disclaimer

The EasyPubMed extension and its developer take no responsibility for the data accuracy (including  JCR impact factor, JCR journal's quartile ranking, CAS journal's block ranking, article's information in BibTex format) and the origin of full-text article from Sci-Hub website. If you want to get the JCR impact factor or JCR journal's quartile, you should go to the JCR official website: https://jcr.clarivate.com/. If you want to get the CAS Journal Block Ranking, you should go to the following website: http://www.fenqubiao.com/.
<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E5%A3%B0%E6%98%8E">查看中文版：声明</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Privacy policy
 This extenssion does not collect any personal identifying information. This extension uses the metadata about articles in PubMed website(https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/)  the user browse and save the user's default options for using this extension (default sci-hub url and your preference to show JCR quartile or CAS block) in local storage. The following item may be considered personal information:

- Information about the articles the user browse in PubMed website: The dois of the articles are analysed from the PubMed website the user browse and send back to the background page. In the background page, the dois are submitted to the user's selected sci-hub website (https://sci-hub.st/, https://sci-hub.se/, https://sci-hub.ee/, https://sci-hub.do/, https://sci-hub.ren/, https://sci-hub.cc/, https://sci-hub.tw/, https://sci-hub.shop/) anonymously to fetch information about whether the full-text is available or not. The information is sent back to the front and display in the EasyPubMed toolbar by enabling or disabling the 'Full-text' button. No personal information is transmitted in the process.
- The words selected for translation：The words selected for translation are sent back to the background to obtain the translation result from the translation website( https://cn.bing.com/dict/,https://translate.google.com/,https://translate.google.cn/). No personal information is transmitted in the process.

We respect your data privacy. No personal information that can identify you is collected, shared, submitted or disclosed with any other party. Questions about data collection and privacy can be addressed to easypubmed.project@gmail.com.

<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E9%9A%90%E7%A7%81">查看中文版：隐私</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Bug report and suggestion

We are working on more exciting functions, please let us know if you have any comments and suggestions. If you find some data inaccurate, please let us know. Please feel free to contact easypubmed.project@gmail.com at any time or start a new issue in <https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/issues>. 

<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E9%94%99%E8%AF%AF%E6%8A%A5%E5%91%8A%E5%8F%8A%E5%BB%BA%E8%AE%AE">查看中文版：错误报告及建议</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Donation

The EasyPubMed extension is completely free despite it takes us a lot of time to develop the extension. If you find it useful,  will you consider supporting us a cup of coffee($5), a box of snacks($10) or a good lunch($20)? We will feel great encouraged.

Welcome to use Paypal: https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/easypubmed

or donate via QR code (Alipay, WeChatpay or QQpay)
<p align='center'>
<left><img src="md_image/image_20200623115902.jpg" alt="image_20200623115902.jpg"  width=30% />
</p>
<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E6%8D%90%E8%B5%A0">查看中文版：捐赠</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Developing story

I am a medical student and used pubmed very often. Several years ago, I found a chrome extension named Pubmedy. It helped me a lot and saved me a lot of time to find the full-text of an article. The extension is really great but it had not updated since 2018. In May 2020, the new pubmed website completely replaced the old one and Pubmedy couldn't work anymore. I found it hard to get the full text when using the new pubmed. Furthermore, I used the bibliography in BibTex a lot, however, the pubmed website did not support. So, I decided to make a new chrome extension for the new pubmed website. Though I have learnt some R and Python programming skills, as a medical student, I knew little about how to develop a chrome extension. I used the code of pubmedy as a template and learnt to write an extension using JavaScript, CSS and HTML by myself. After overcoming many obstacles, I finished this project. Hope you find it useful. If you have any suggestions, please feel free to contact me easypubmed.project@gmail.com.
</p>
<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E5%BC%80%E5%8F%91%E6%95%85%E4%BA%8B">查看中文版：研发故事</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Author
<left><img src="md_image/image-20200622192159106.png" alt="image-20200622192159106"  width=10% />

**Tian Zhen**

**Experience**

- 2010-2015, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, School of Medicine. Bachelor degree of medicine

- 2015-2018, Shanghai Medical College of Fudan University, Master degree of dermatology. Residency training in Huashan Hospital, department of dermatology. 

- 2018-now, Freelance, wait for chance and a miracle. God bless me.

**Interest**

- Have a chat about the meaning of life
- Dermatology (Psoriasis, Acne, alopecia, etc.), cosmetic dermatology (Cosmetics, Laser,etc.)
- Popularization of science
- Medical statistics, bioinformatics, handle medical data using R or Python
- Chrome extension develop using JavaScript, CSS and HTML 

> **If you have the same interest, need help in my interest field or have some temporary project like translating  medical material to Chinese, please feel free to contact me.**

**Contact**

- Email: tianzhenwork@outlook.com
- Zhihu: https://www.zhihu.com/people/naivenaive
<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E4%BD%9C%E8%80%85">查看中文版：作者</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

Commit message:

update reference mangager user manual

EasyPubMed User Manual.md, after:

<img src="md_image\ep.png" width=10% style="float:left"/>
<a id="top"></a>

# EasyPubMed User Manual

**EasyPubMed is an extension to make new PubMed easy to use.**

- [EasyPubMed User Manual](#easypubmed-user-manual)
  - [Functions and Features](#functions-and-features)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Details](#details)
    - [EasyPubMed Tool Bar](#easypubmed-tool-bar)
    - [Popup Page](#popup-page)
  - [Data Source](#data-source)
  - [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
  - [Privacy policy](#privacy-policy)
  - [Bug report and suggestion](#bug-report-and-suggestion)
  - [Donation](#donation)
  - [Developing story](#developing-story)
  - [Author](#author)

> Version 0.0.5 (2020.8.2) Update: [Update Log](https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/Update_log.md)
> - More fix on display problem of impact factor and JCR quartile or CAS block in search mode due to the update of pubmed in 2020/7/17
> - Add https://sci-hub.ren into the sci-hub url lists as request by Xiaochen-Zhang99 
> - Fix version display bug in popup page
> 

> Tips: Pressing the Ctrl key while clicking a link will automatically open the link in a new tab

>查看[EasyPubMed使用说明（中文版）](https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md)

## Functions and Features
<p align="left">
<img src="md_image/image-20200622120034563.png" alt="image-20200621173353849" width=80% >
</p>



- **EasyPubMed tool bar, Design for new PubMed**
  - Display abstract in PubMed search page
  - One click to get full-screen paper PDF from Sci-Hub
  - Display journal impact factor (IF) 
  - Display JCR (Journal Citation Reports) journal's quartile ranking or CAS (Chinese Academy of Sciences) journal's block ranking
  - Display citation counts
- **Journal Filter Tools**
  - Filter articles by Impact factor, JCR Quartile and citation counts...
  - PubMed filter manager helps you select most related journals in your research field
- **Translation**
  - One click to translate article's title and abstract in PubMed
  - Get translation is so easy: select the words and Press "T" 
  - Multiple languages support

<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E5%8A%9F%E8%83%BD%E7%89%B9%E8%89%B2">查看中文版：功能特色</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Setup

Support web browser: Chrome, Edge

The extension is available in both Chrome and Edge extension store. You can go the following website and install the extension. 

Edge：https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/easypubmed/daibhooimgnmhjagkkjamadijfambhid

Chrome：https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/easypubmed/nkpdpmomjhifdobiopmgfjjffacldfje?hl=en

<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E5%AE%89%E8%A3%85">查看中文版：安装</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Details

### EasyPubMed Tool Bar
<p align="center">
<img src="md_image/image-20200621173353849.png" alt="image-20200621173353849" width=70% >
</p>

**After installing EasyPubMed, a tool bar will display below each article in the PubMed website.**

1. EasyPubMed Icon: Link to EasyPubMed  homepage in Github

2. Display  JCR (Journal Citation Reports) journal's quartile ranking or CAS (Chinese Academy of Sciences) journal's block ranking  as you set in [popup page](#option)

   - JCR Quartile Ranking: Data from 2020 *Journal Citation Reports*, the best journal performance in all SCIE subcategories is tagged. For example, if the journal get Q1 in A subcategory and Q3 in B subcategory, the journal will be labelled as Q1, the best performance. We use Q1 (red), Q2 (yellow), Q3 (green), Q4 (grey) with different color to display different JCR quartile ranking. NA stands for not recorded in the report.

    <img src="md_image/image-20200621180515339.png" alt="image-20200621180515339" width=20% />

   - CAS Block Ranking: Data from *CAS Journal Block Ranking Report (2019.12.26)*, the best journal performance in all subcategories is tagged. We use B1 (red), B2 (yellow), B3 (green), B4 (grey) with different color to display different CAS block ranking. NA stands for not recorded in the report.

    <img src="md_image/image-20200621181012739.png" alt="image-20200621181012739" width=20% />

   - The difference between JCR Quartile Ranking and CAS Block Ranking is well documented in 

     https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/78144183

3. Display impact factor:  Data from 2020 *Journal Citation Reports*. NA stands for not recorded in the report.

4. Link to the Sci-Hub website with the corresponding article. If the article's doi is not found, the link will be disabled.
<p align="center">
   <img src="md_image/image-20200622185138582.png" alt="image-20200622185138582" width=70% />
</p>

5. Display a full-screen PDF website without sidebar.  Analyzing the Sci-Hub link takes some time. If a full-text PDF link is found, it will be enabled and display 'PDF(Full Text)', otherwise, it will be grayed and display 'PDF(NOT FOUND)'.
<p align="center">
      <img src="md_image/image-20200622073622374.png" alt="image-20200622073622374" width=70% />
</p>

6. Show article's information in BibTex format. You can save it or copy it to clipboard. It may take some time to fetch the Bibtex data from NCBI database. The filename of the downloaded file and the BibTex entry name is a combination of 'PMID', article PMID number, first author's last name and the publication year, like 'PMID32109013_Guan_2020'.
<p align="center">
      <img src="md_image/image-20200622073913101.png" alt="image-20200622073913101" width=70% />
</p>

### Popup Page

<p align="center">
     <img src="md_image/image-20200622120039682.png" alt="image-20200622120039682" width=40% />
</p>

**Left click on the EP (EasyPubMed) chrome extension button, a popup page will appear.**

1. Set default Sci-Hub URL, the default is 'https://sci-hub.tw/'. A valid Sci-Hub URL should start with 'https://' or 'http://' and end with "/".
2. <a id="option"></a>Set whether to display  JCR  quartile or CAS  block. If one is enabled, the other one will be disabled automatically. The default setting is to display JCR quartile. 
1. Reset to default setting: Sci-Hub URL 'https://sci-hub.tw/ and display JCR  quartile.
2. Link to PubMed website: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/
3. Link to Sci-Hub website as you set: default is 'https://sci-hub.tw/
4. Search the Sci-Hub website. You can input PMID, DOI,article title or any string you want, the same as you input in the Sci-Hub website.
5. Link to EasyPubMed User manual
6. Link to a website where you can report bugs or requests to EasyPubMed
7. Link to a website where you can donate to EasyPubMed
8.  Link to a website where you can learn more about EasyPubMed developing story and author
9.  EasyPubMed edition and author
<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E5%8A%9F%E8%83%BD%E5%B1%95%E7%A4%BA">查看中文版：功能展示</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Data Source

We merge the data from NLM catalog, 2020 Journal Citation Reports and CAS Journal Block Ranking Report (2019.12.26) by journal's unqiue ISSN. We use the journal's PubMed journal abbreviation as a unique identifier to obtain its impact factor, JCR quartile ranking and CAS block ranking.The result has been carefully checked. Since JCR reports and CAS report may misuse eISSN as ISSN, there may be some mistakes in data processing. If you find a mistake, please report to me.



Previous problem:
>The following journals share the same Pubmed journal Abbreviation (I have reported the bug to NLM). Please be careful.
>- PubMed journal abbreviation: Front Phys
>   - Frontiers of Physics (ISSN:2095-0462; IF:2.483; Q2; B2) 
>   - Frontiers in Physics (ISSN: 2296-424X; IF:1.895; Q2; B3) 
>- PubMed journal abbreviation: Microbiology 
>   - Microbiology (Reading, England) (ISSN: 1350-0872; IF:1.922; Q4; B4)
>   - Microbiology (ISSN: 0026-2617; IF:1.027; Q4; B4)

NLM replied and made some change. Here is the response

>The following changes have been made:

> MedAbbr for Frontiers of physics (NLM UI 101600789) changed to: Front Phys (Beijing)

> MedAbbr for Microbiology (NLM UI 0376646) changed to: Microbiology (N Y)

<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E6%95%B0%E6%8D%AE%E6%9D%A5%E6%BA%90">查看中文版：数据来源</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Disclaimer

The EasyPubMed extension and its developer take no responsibility for the data accuracy (including  JCR impact factor, JCR journal's quartile ranking, CAS journal's block ranking, article's information in BibTex format) and the origin of full-text article from Sci-Hub website. If you want to get the JCR impact factor or JCR journal's quartile, you should go to the JCR official website: https://jcr.clarivate.com/. If you want to get the CAS Journal Block Ranking, you should go to the following website: http://www.fenqubiao.com/.
<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E5%A3%B0%E6%98%8E">查看中文版：声明</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Privacy policy
This extenssion does not collect any personal identifying information. This extension uses the metadata about articles in PubMed website(https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/)  the user browse and save the user's default options and reference information which is used by reference manager in local storage. The following item may be considered personal information:

- User experience improvment program: The webpage information of some websites you visit may be collected for further feature development which is aimed to improve user experience such as obataining full-text PDF. All data collected is sent anonymously and encrypted. No personal information that can identify you is collected, shared, submitted or disclosed with any other party. **You can quit user experience improvement program by disable the 'Help improve experience' switch in the popup page.** 
- Information about the articles the user browse in PubMed website: The dois of the articles are analysed from the PubMed website the user browse and send back to the background page. In the background page, the dois are submitted to the user's selected sci-hub website (https://sci-hub.st/, https://sci-hub.se/, https://sci-hub.ee/, https://sci-hub.do/, https://sci-hub.ren/, https://sci-hub.cc/, https://sci-hub.tw/, https://sci-hub.shop/) anonymously to fetch information about whether the full-text is available or not. The information is sent back to the front and display in the EasyPubMed toolbar by enabling or disabling the 'Full-text' button. No personal information is transmitted in the process.
- The words selected for translation：The words selected for translation are sent back to the background to obtain the translation result from the translation website( https://cn.bing.com/dict/,https://translate.google.com/,https://translate.google.cn/). No personal information is transmitted in the process.

We respect your data privacy. No personal information that can identify you is collected, shared, submitted or disclosed with any other party without your permission. Questions about data collection and privacy can be addressed to easypubmed.project@gmail.com.

<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E9%9A%90%E7%A7%81">查看中文版：隐私</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Bug report and suggestion

We are working on more exciting functions, please let us know if you have any comments and suggestions. If you find some data inaccurate, please let us know. Please feel free to contact easypubmed.project@gmail.com at any time or start a new issue in <https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/issues>. 

<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E9%94%99%E8%AF%AF%E6%8A%A5%E5%91%8A%E5%8F%8A%E5%BB%BA%E8%AE%AE">查看中文版：错误报告及建议</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Donation

The EasyPubMed extension is completely free despite it takes us a lot of time to develop the extension. If you find it useful,  will you consider supporting us a cup of coffee($5), a box of snacks($10) or a good lunch($20)? We will feel great encouraged.

Welcome to use Paypal: https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/easypubmed

or donate via QR code (Alipay, WeChatpay or QQpay)
<p align='center'>
<left><img src="md_image/image_20200623115902.jpg" alt="image_20200623115902.jpg"  width=30% />
</p>
<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E6%8D%90%E8%B5%A0">查看中文版：捐赠</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Developing story

I am a medical student and used pubmed very often. Several years ago, I found a chrome extension named Pubmedy. It helped me a lot and saved me a lot of time to find the full-text of an article. The extension is really great but it had not updated since 2018. In May 2020, the new pubmed website completely replaced the old one and Pubmedy couldn't work anymore. I found it hard to get the full text when using the new pubmed. Furthermore, I used the bibliography in BibTex a lot, however, the pubmed website did not support. So, I decided to make a new chrome extension for the new pubmed website. Though I have learnt some R and Python programming skills, as a medical student, I knew little about how to develop a chrome extension. I used the code of pubmedy as a template and learnt to write an extension using JavaScript, CSS and HTML by myself. After overcoming many obstacles, I finished this project. Hope you find it useful. If you have any suggestions, please feel free to contact me easypubmed.project@gmail.com.
</p>
<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E5%BC%80%E5%8F%91%E6%95%85%E4%BA%8B">查看中文版：研发故事</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>

## Author
<left><img src="md_image/image-20200622192159106.png" alt="image-20200622192159106"  width=10% />

**Tian Zhen**

**Experience**

- 2010-2015, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, School of Medicine. Bachelor degree of medicine

- 2015-2018, Shanghai Medical College of Fudan University, Master degree of dermatology. Residency training in Huashan Hospital, department of dermatology. 

- 2018-now, Freelance, wait for chance and a miracle. God bless me.

**Interest**

- Have a chat about the meaning of life
- Dermatology (Psoriasis, Acne, alopecia, etc.), cosmetic dermatology (Cosmetics, Laser,etc.)
- Popularization of science
- Medical statistics, bioinformatics, handle medical data using R or Python
- Chrome extension develop using JavaScript, CSS and HTML 

> **If you have the same interest, need help in my interest field or have some temporary project like translating  medical material to Chinese, please feel free to contact me.**

**Contact**

- Email: tianzhenwork@outlook.com
- Zhihu: https://www.zhihu.com/people/naivenaive
<p align="right">
<a href="https://github.com/naivenaive/EasyPubMed/blob/master/EasyPubMed%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E.md#%E4%BD%9C%E8%80%85">查看中文版：作者</a>
<br>
<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
</p>
